README.md, before:

# Comments Challenge
You are challenged to implement a feature for the Crafty News API.

You need to fork the repository and clone the forked repository to your computer. Then you need to branch off from the development branch. You will submit your solution by creating a pull request towards the upstream repository. Make sure that the PR contains the correct information. The user story and what changes that are proposed in the PR.

## Level 1
User story:
```
As a Visitor
In order to voice my opinion on an article
I would like to be able to leave a comment
``` 

Tasks:
- [ ] Write request spec
- [ ] Add comment model
- [ ] Comment needs to contain a body
- [ ] Add association between comment and article


## Level 2
User story:
```
As a User
In order to voice my opinion on an article
I would like to be able to leave a comment
``` 

Tasks:
- [ ] Write request spec
- [ ] Add comment model
- [ ] Comment needs to contain a body
- [ ] Add association between comment and article
- [ ] Only authenticated user can comment on an article
- [ ] Add association between comment and user      

**Good luck!**

Commit message:

add user story from api side add request spec for comments create action

README.md, after:

# Comments Challenge

You are challenged to implement a feature for the Crafty News API.

You need to fork the repository and clone the forked repository to your computer. Then you need to branch off from the development branch. You will submit your solution by creating a pull request towards the upstream repository. Make sure that the PR contains the correct information. The user story and what changes that are proposed in the PR.

## Level 1

User story:

```
As a Visitor
In order to voice my opinion on an article
I would like to be able to leave a comment
```

Tasks:

- [ ] Write request spec
- [ ] Add comment model
- [ ] Comment needs to contain a body
- [ ] Add association between comment and article

As an api
In order to be able to create comments
I would like to be able to store them

## Level 2

User story:

```
As a User
In order to voice my opinion on an article
I would like to be able to leave a comment
```

Tasks:

- [ ] Write request spec
- [ ] Add comment model
- [ ] Comment needs to contain a body
- [ ] Add association between comment and article
- [ ] Only authenticated user can comment on an article
- [ ] Add association between comment and user

**Good luck!**
